Relax 2e2 (#55)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

- 2e) Competitors must represent a region of which they hold citizenship. The WCA Delegate should verify citizenship by means of documents (e.g. a passport) at their first competition. If a competitor is found ineligible to represent the region under which they have registered, the competitor may be disqualified retroactively and/or suspended, at the discretion of the WCA Board.
    - 2e1) The eligible regions of representation are defined by the [WCA List of Recognized Regions](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/regulations/countries/).
    - 2e2) Competitors may change their region of representation only before or at their first competition of a calendar year.
    - 2e2) Competitors may change their region of representation at any point between competitions, so long as it has been at least one year since any previous change.
        - 2e2a) Exception: If the competitor loses citizenship of the region which they were previously representing, they must change their region of representation before or at their next competition (see [Regulation 2c2](regulations:regulation:2c2)).

>         - 2e2b) Exception: If the competitor has acquired a new citizenship within the calendar year, they may change their region of representation to their new citizenship at any point between competitions.

Author: - 2e2b) Exception: If the competitor has acquired a new citizenship within the calendar year, they may change their region of representation to their new citizenship at any point between competitions.

>         - 2e2b) Exception: If the competitor has acquired a new citizenship within the calendar year, they may change their region of representation to their new citizenship at any point between competitions.

Author: ```suggestion
    - 2e2b) Exception: If the competitor has acquired a new citizenship within the calendar year, they may change their region of representation to their new citizenship at any point between competitions.
```

- 2d) A competitor's name, region of representation, gender, and competition results are considered public information. All other personal information is considered confidential, and must not be disclosed to outside organizations/persons without the consent of the competitor.
- 2e) Competitors must represent a region of which they hold citizenship. The WCA Delegate should verify citizenship by means of documents (e.g. a passport) at their first competition. If a competitor is found ineligible to represent the region under which they have registered, the competitor may be disqualified retroactively and/or suspended, at the discretion of the WCA Board.
    - 2e1) The eligible regions of representation are defined by the [WCA List of Recognized Regions](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/regulations/countries/).

>     - 2e2) Competitors may change their region of representation at any point between competitions (see [Regulation 2c2](regulations:regulation:2c2)), so long as it has been at least one year since any previous change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 2e2) Competitors may change their region of representation at any point between competitions (see [Regulation 2c2](regulations:regulation:2c2)), as long as it has been at least one year since any previous change.
```
Nitpick ([here](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/as-long-as-and-so-long-as) it says that this is more formal.
